document breaking change between cy.route & cy.intercept (#3404)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/guides/references/migration-guide.md

  })
```

## overriding route matchers
Unlike `cy.route`, `cy.intercept` currently does _not_ allow you to override a previous interceptor. For more information on this, see https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/9302 and https://glebbahmutov.com/blog/cypress-intercept-problems/#no-overwriting-interceptors.

> 

Reviewer: The placement of this is in between a before/after example. This should be it's own section, not in the middle of another section.

Author: Oops, can't believe I missed that. Fixed 👍

})
```

## overriding route matchers

> Unlike `cy.route`, `cy.intercept` currently does _not_ allow you to override a previous interceptor. For more information on this, see https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/9302 and https://glebbahmutov.com/blog/cypress-intercept-problems/#no-overwriting-interceptors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike `cy.route`, `cy.intercept` currently does _not_ allow you to override a previous response. For more information on this, see https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/9302 and https://glebbahmutov.com/blog/cypress-intercept-problems/#no-overwriting-interceptors. Overriding responses will be added in a future release.
```
